KSUSTA Mobile App is a college content management system mobile application developed for Kebbi State University of Science and Technology, Aliero, Kebbi, Nigeria. The idea behinde the mobile application is to provide a two-factor authentication to help authenticate students when accessing their information from the institution website.

The aim and objective of the mobile application is to secure the student's personal information and financial transactions from third-party access by implementing a multi-factor authentication method to address these challenges.

The traditional approach to authenticating students on the institution portal involves using a web-based interface with an admission number and password input field which poses many challenges such as shoulder surfing, SQL injection, system misconfiguration, and credential reuse. By incorporating a two-factor authentication mechanism, the Android mobile application will add an additional layer of security to the authentication process making it difficult for unauthorized users to access sensitive students information.

The Android mobile application utilizes modern authentication methods such as biometric authentication and username and password authentication. Additionally, the KSUSTA Mobile App provides some extra features not present on the institution portal, such as a user-friendly interface, Firebase cloud messaging (which allows all users of the app to receive a notification), a staff profile section (for students to know about their lecturers), and a gallery section to view images of events organized by the institution.

KSUSTA Mobile App is a miniature of the Kebbi State University of Science and Technology Aliero institution portal. The mobile app is designed and optimized for mobile phones and tablets, allowing students to quickly and easily access the services they need. To download the mobile application, search for “KSUSTA Mobile App” on Google Play Store or download at https://lnkd.in/dgdpCsmM
